output/amld_workshop_schedule.md, before:


## Applied Machine Learning Days
Table of workshops generated from [the overview page][ws].

\[ For the curious on [how it was created][jnb] \]

[ws]: https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops.html
[jnb]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/fauskanger/public/blob/master/AppliedMachineLearningDaysWorkshopTableGenerator.ipynb

| Time | Date | Level | Title 
|---|---|---|---|
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [ML in your organization: a practical toolbox to identify and seize highest value opportunities in Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/ml-in-your-organization-a-practical-toolbox-to-identify-and-seize-highest-value-opportunities-in-machine-learning)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [Tutorial: Build your first predictive model to forecast and detect anomalies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tutorial-build-your-first-predictive-model-to-forecast-and-detect-anomalies)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Hands-on deep learning with TensorFlow.js](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/hands-on-deep-learning-with-tensorflow-js)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [PySpark: Big Data Processing and Machine Learning with Python](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/pyspark-big-data-processing-and-machine-learning-with-python)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Data exploration and preparation for Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/data-exploration-and-preparation-for-machine-learning)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Credit Suisse Document Digitization Hackathon](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/credit-suisse-document-digitization-hackathon)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TDA crash course: theory and practice for ML applications](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tda-crash-course-theory-and-practice-for-ml-applications)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Learning and Processing over Networks](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/learning-and-processing-over-networks)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Applied Machine Learning for Anomaly Detection on Equipment](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-machine-learning-for-anomaly-detection-on-equipment)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Saturday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-saturday)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Reatching into the Rabbit Hole: Should we replace teachers with AI?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/reatching-into-the-rabbit-hole-should-we-replace-teachers-with-ai)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Applied Language Technologies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-language-technologies)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Engineering for good - detecting pneumonia in X-Ray images](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/engineering-for-good-detecting-pneumonia-in-x-ray-images)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Using PySpark and interactive Jupyter notebook on Amazon Clusters](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/using-pyspark-and-interactive-jupyter-notebook-on-amazon-clusters)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Industrial open data](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/industrial-open-data)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Building Private-by-Design Voice Assistants with Snips](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/building-private-by-design-voice-assistants-with-snips)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Trust In AI - methods and use cases for debiasing and explaining of algorithms](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/trust-in-ai-methods-and-use-cases-for-debiasing-and-explaining-of-algorithms)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Enabling Resilience with Remote Sensing](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/enabling-resilience-with-remote-sensing)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Machine Learning for fake news detection: theory and practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-for-fake-news-detection-theory-and-practice)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Crashcourse in R for machine learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/crashcourse-in-r-for-machine-learning)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Sunday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-sunday)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning Competition: Tennis Prediction](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-competition-tennis-prediction)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning in Finance](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-in-finance)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Blue Brain Nexus, a knowledge graph for data driven projects](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/blue-brain-nexus-a-knowledge-graph-for-data-driven-projects)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Policy-Making and Data Economy at the city level: utopia or reality?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/policy-making-and-data-economy-at-the-city-level-utopia-or-reality)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Advances in ML: Theory meets practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/advances-in-ml-theory-meets-practice)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Artificial Curiosity: Intrinsic Motivation in Machines too!](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/artificial-curiosity-intrinsic-motivation-in-machines-too)|

Commit message:

add links to navigate between w / wo prereqs version

output/amld_workshop_schedule.md, after:


## Applied Machine Learning Days
Table of workshops generated from [the overview page][ws]. 

Versions: [normal][n] | [with prerequisites][wp] 



\[ For the curious on [how it was created][jnb] \]

[n]: ./amld_workshop_schedule.md
[wp]: ./amld_workshop_schedule_w_prereqs.md
[ws]: https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops.html
[jnb]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/fauskanger/public/blob/master/AppliedMachineLearningDaysWorkshopTableGenerator.ipynb

| Time | Date | Level | Title 
|---|---|---|---|
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [ML in your organization: a practical toolbox to identify and seize highest value opportunities in Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/ml-in-your-organization-a-practical-toolbox-to-identify-and-seize-highest-value-opportunities-in-machine-learning)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [Tutorial: Build your first predictive model to forecast and detect anomalies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tutorial-build-your-first-predictive-model-to-forecast-and-detect-anomalies)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Hands-on deep learning with TensorFlow.js](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/hands-on-deep-learning-with-tensorflow-js)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [PySpark: Big Data Processing and Machine Learning with Python](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/pyspark-big-data-processing-and-machine-learning-with-python)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Data exploration and preparation for Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/data-exploration-and-preparation-for-machine-learning)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Credit Suisse Document Digitization Hackathon](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/credit-suisse-document-digitization-hackathon)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TDA crash course: theory and practice for ML applications](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tda-crash-course-theory-and-practice-for-ml-applications)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Learning and Processing over Networks](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/learning-and-processing-over-networks)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Applied Machine Learning for Anomaly Detection on Equipment](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-machine-learning-for-anomaly-detection-on-equipment)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Saturday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-saturday)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Reatching into the Rabbit Hole: Should we replace teachers with AI?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/reatching-into-the-rabbit-hole-should-we-replace-teachers-with-ai)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Applied Language Technologies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-language-technologies)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Engineering for good - detecting pneumonia in X-Ray images](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/engineering-for-good-detecting-pneumonia-in-x-ray-images)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Using PySpark and interactive Jupyter notebook on Amazon Clusters](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/using-pyspark-and-interactive-jupyter-notebook-on-amazon-clusters)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Industrial open data](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/industrial-open-data)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Building Private-by-Design Voice Assistants with Snips](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/building-private-by-design-voice-assistants-with-snips)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Trust In AI - methods and use cases for debiasing and explaining of algorithms](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/trust-in-ai-methods-and-use-cases-for-debiasing-and-explaining-of-algorithms)| 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Enabling Resilience with Remote Sensing](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/enabling-resilience-with-remote-sensing)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Machine Learning for fake news detection: theory and practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-for-fake-news-detection-theory-and-practice)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Crashcourse in R for machine learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/crashcourse-in-r-for-machine-learning)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Sunday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-sunday)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning Competition: Tennis Prediction](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-competition-tennis-prediction)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning in Finance](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-in-finance)| 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Blue Brain Nexus, a knowledge graph for data driven projects](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/blue-brain-nexus-a-knowledge-graph-for-data-driven-projects)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Policy-Making and Data Economy at the city level: utopia or reality?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/policy-making-and-data-economy-at-the-city-level-utopia-or-reality)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Advances in ML: Theory meets practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/advances-in-ml-theory-meets-practice)| 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Artificial Curiosity: Intrinsic Motivation in Machines too!](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/artificial-curiosity-intrinsic-motivation-in-machines-too)|
