output/amld_workshop_schedule_w_prereqs.md, before:


## Applied Machine Learning Days
Table of workshops generated from [the overview page][ws].

\[ For the curious on [how it was created][jnb] \]

[ws]: https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops.html
[jnb]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/fauskanger/public/blob/master/AppliedMachineLearningDaysWorkshopTableGenerator.ipynb

| Time | Date | Level | Title | Prerequisites 
|---|---|---|---|---|
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [ML in your organization: a practical toolbox to identify and seize highest value opportunities in Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/ml-in-your-organization-a-practical-toolbox-to-identify-and-seize-highest-value-opportunities-in-machine-learning) |  | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [Tutorial: Build your first predictive model to forecast and detect anomalies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tutorial-build-your-first-predictive-model-to-forecast-and-detect-anomalies) |  | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Hands-on deep learning with TensorFlow.js](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/hands-on-deep-learning-with-tensorflow-js) |  - Experience with machine learning in Python or JS<br/> - Or in building web applications with JavaScript | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [PySpark: Big Data Processing and Machine Learning with Python](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/pyspark-big-data-processing-and-machine-learning-with-python) |  - Be familiar with Pandas and Scikit-learn libraries of Python<br/> - Laptop with Jupyter notebook or Jupyterlab already installed<br/> - It is highly recommended that participants install Pyspark in advance (recommended way of installation is via Anaconda). | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Data exploration and preparation for Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/data-exploration-and-preparation-for-machine-learning) |  - Basic Python and statistics knowledge<br/> - Running Python installation on own laptop, and Jupyter Notebook installed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Credit Suisse Document Digitization Hackathon](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/credit-suisse-document-digitization-hackathon) |  | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TDA crash course: theory and practice for ML applications](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tda-crash-course-theory-and-practice-for-ml-applications) |  - Basic Python programming skills (laptop with Python 2.7/3 installed)<br/> - Basic Jupyter notebook skills<br/> - Basic git/data management skills<br/> - Notions of linear algebra and elementary topology are helpful but not needed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Learning and Processing over Networks](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/learning-and-processing-over-networks) |  - Python programming<br/> - Basic linear algebra<br/> - No prior knowledge about networks is necessary | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Applied Machine Learning for Anomaly Detection on Equipment](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-machine-learning-for-anomaly-detection-on-equipment) |  - Intermediate level in ML and data science<br/> - Working knowledge in open source Python Machine Learning stack is preferred, but R and Matlab users welcome<br/> - No business knowledge or expertise required<br/> - Only Python can be deployed to the cloud | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Saturday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-saturday) |  - Good Python programming skills | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Reatching into the Rabbit Hole: Should we replace teachers with AI?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/reatching-into-the-rabbit-hole-should-we-replace-teachers-with-ai) |  | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Applied Language Technologies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-language-technologies) |  - Interest in NLP | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Engineering for good - detecting pneumonia in X-Ray images](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/engineering-for-good-detecting-pneumonia-in-x-ray-images) |  - Laptop with ready Python environment<br/> - Download code and datasets prior to the workshop on GitHub | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Using PySpark and interactive Jupyter notebook on Amazon Clusters](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/using-pyspark-and-interactive-jupyter-notebook-on-amazon-clusters) |  - Know how to use PySpark (or have already participated in the PySpark: Big Data Processing and Machine Learning with Python workshop).<br/> - Either make a free account on AWS (which comes with some free tier to use in the workshop) or if they already have used up their free tier, they will be charged upon using AWS during the workshop (the costs are expected to be less that 10 CHF). | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Industrial open data](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/industrial-open-data) |  - Up to date laptop with Python installed<br/> - As well as optionally R and Julia | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Building Private-by-Design Voice Assistants with Snips](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/building-private-by-design-voice-assistants-with-snips) |  - Create an account on the Snips Console<br/> - Part of this workshop involves some programming (ever so simple) so if you don't have any experience with code, come with a teammate who can handle the coding part.<br/> - Bring your own computer (MacOS or Linux only) and if possible pre-install SAM (snips assistant manager).<br/> - Your laptop should be able to SSH into a remote machine. | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Trust In AI - methods and use cases for debiasing and explaining of algorithms](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/trust-in-ai-methods-and-use-cases-for-debiasing-and-explaining-of-algorithms) |  - Basic knowledge of machine learning<br/> - Basic knowledge of math<br/> - Basic knowledge of image processing and natural language processing<br/> - Should know python at intermediate level<br/> - Should know how to work with Jupyter notebook | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Enabling Resilience with Remote Sensing](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/enabling-resilience-with-remote-sensing) |  - A laptop | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Machine Learning for fake news detection: theory and practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-for-fake-news-detection-theory-and-practice) |  - Basic knowledge of Python<br/> - Pre-install the required libraries or use a docker container [will be provided closer to the date of the workshop]. | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Crashcourse in R for machine learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/crashcourse-in-r-for-machine-learning) |  | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Sunday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-sunday) |  - Good Python programming skills | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning Competition: Tennis Prediction](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-competition-tennis-prediction) |  - Basic knowledge of Machine Learning<br/> - Experience with Python (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn)<br/> - Personal computer, with Jupyter Notebook installed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning in Finance](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-in-finance) |  - Laptop with Python installed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Blue Brain Nexus, a knowledge graph for data driven projects](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/blue-brain-nexus-a-knowledge-graph-for-data-driven-projects) |  - Bring a laptop<br/> - Beginner level knowledge about one programming language (recommended: Python, Java or Scala) | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Policy-Making and Data Economy at the city level: utopia or reality?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/policy-making-and-data-economy-at-the-city-level-utopia-or-reality) |  | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Advances in ML: Theory meets practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/advances-in-ml-theory-meets-practice) |  | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Artificial Curiosity: Intrinsic Motivation in Machines too!](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/artificial-curiosity-intrinsic-motivation-in-machines-too) |  - Come with a laptop<br/> - Know a bit of python (not mandatory) |

Commit message:

add links to navigate between w / wo prereqs version

output/amld_workshop_schedule_w_prereqs.md, after:


## Applied Machine Learning Days
Table of workshops generated from [the overview page][ws]. 

Versions: [normal][n] | [with prerequisites][wp] 



\[ For the curious on [how it was created][jnb] \]

[n]: ./amld_workshop_schedule.md
[wp]: ./amld_workshop_schedule_w_prereqs.md
[ws]: https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops.html
[jnb]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/fauskanger/public/blob/master/AppliedMachineLearningDaysWorkshopTableGenerator.ipynb

| Time | Date | Level | Title | Prerequisites 
|---|---|---|---|---|
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [ML in your organization: a practical toolbox to identify and seize highest value opportunities in Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/ml-in-your-organization-a-practical-toolbox-to-identify-and-seize-highest-value-opportunities-in-machine-learning) |  | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Beginner | [Tutorial: Build your first predictive model to forecast and detect anomalies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tutorial-build-your-first-predictive-model-to-forecast-and-detect-anomalies) |  | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Hands-on deep learning with TensorFlow.js](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/hands-on-deep-learning-with-tensorflow-js) |  - Experience with machine learning in Python or JS<br/> - Or in building web applications with JavaScript | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 26 | Intermediate | [PySpark: Big Data Processing and Machine Learning with Python](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/pyspark-big-data-processing-and-machine-learning-with-python) |  - Be familiar with Pandas and Scikit-learn libraries of Python<br/> - Laptop with Jupyter notebook or Jupyterlab already installed<br/> - It is highly recommended that participants install Pyspark in advance (recommended way of installation is via Anaconda). | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Data exploration and preparation for Machine Learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/data-exploration-and-preparation-for-machine-learning) |  - Basic Python and statistics knowledge<br/> - Running Python installation on own laptop, and Jupyter Notebook installed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Credit Suisse Document Digitization Hackathon](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/credit-suisse-document-digitization-hackathon) |  | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TDA crash course: theory and practice for ML applications](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tda-crash-course-theory-and-practice-for-ml-applications) |  - Basic Python programming skills (laptop with Python 2.7/3 installed)<br/> - Basic Jupyter notebook skills<br/> - Basic git/data management skills<br/> - Notions of linear algebra and elementary topology are helpful but not needed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Learning and Processing over Networks](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/learning-and-processing-over-networks) |  - Python programming<br/> - Basic linear algebra<br/> - No prior knowledge about networks is necessary | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Applied Machine Learning for Anomaly Detection on Equipment](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-machine-learning-for-anomaly-detection-on-equipment) |  - Intermediate level in ML and data science<br/> - Working knowledge in open source Python Machine Learning stack is preferred, but R and Matlab users welcome<br/> - No business knowledge or expertise required<br/> - Only Python can be deployed to the cloud | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Saturday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-saturday) |  - Good Python programming skills | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Reatching into the Rabbit Hole: Should we replace teachers with AI?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/reatching-into-the-rabbit-hole-should-we-replace-teachers-with-ai) |  | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Beginner | [Applied Language Technologies](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/applied-language-technologies) |  - Interest in NLP | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Engineering for good - detecting pneumonia in X-Ray images](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/engineering-for-good-detecting-pneumonia-in-x-ray-images) |  - Laptop with ready Python environment<br/> - Download code and datasets prior to the workshop on GitHub | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 26 | Intermediate | [Using PySpark and interactive Jupyter notebook on Amazon Clusters](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/using-pyspark-and-interactive-jupyter-notebook-on-amazon-clusters) |  - Know how to use PySpark (or have already participated in the PySpark: Big Data Processing and Machine Learning with Python workshop).<br/> - Either make a free account on AWS (which comes with some free tier to use in the workshop) or if they already have used up their free tier, they will be charged upon using AWS during the workshop (the costs are expected to be less that 10 CHF). | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Industrial open data](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/industrial-open-data) |  - Up to date laptop with Python installed<br/> - As well as optionally R and Julia | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Building Private-by-Design Voice Assistants with Snips](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/building-private-by-design-voice-assistants-with-snips) |  - Create an account on the Snips Console<br/> - Part of this workshop involves some programming (ever so simple) so if you don't have any experience with code, come with a teammate who can handle the coding part.<br/> - Bring your own computer (MacOS or Linux only) and if possible pre-install SAM (snips assistant manager).<br/> - Your laptop should be able to SSH into a remote machine. | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Beginner | [Trust In AI - methods and use cases for debiasing and explaining of algorithms](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/trust-in-ai-methods-and-use-cases-for-debiasing-and-explaining-of-algorithms) |  - Basic knowledge of machine learning<br/> - Basic knowledge of math<br/> - Basic knowledge of image processing and natural language processing<br/> - Should know python at intermediate level<br/> - Should know how to work with Jupyter notebook | 
| 09:00-12:00 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Enabling Resilience with Remote Sensing](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/enabling-resilience-with-remote-sensing) |  - A laptop | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Machine Learning for fake news detection: theory and practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-for-fake-news-detection-theory-and-practice) |  - Basic knowledge of Python<br/> - Pre-install the required libraries or use a docker container [will be provided closer to the date of the workshop]. | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Crashcourse in R for machine learning](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/crashcourse-in-r-for-machine-learning) |  | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [TensorFlow Basics - Sunday](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/tensorflow-basics-sunday) |  - Good Python programming skills | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning Competition: Tennis Prediction](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-competition-tennis-prediction) |  - Basic knowledge of Machine Learning<br/> - Experience with Python (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn)<br/> - Personal computer, with Jupyter Notebook installed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Machine Learning in Finance](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/machine-learning-in-finance) |  - Laptop with Python installed | 
| 09:00-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Blue Brain Nexus, a knowledge graph for data driven projects](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/blue-brain-nexus-a-knowledge-graph-for-data-driven-projects) |  - Bring a laptop<br/> - Beginner level knowledge about one programming language (recommended: Python, Java or Scala) | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Beginner | [Policy-Making and Data Economy at the city level: utopia or reality?](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/policy-making-and-data-economy-at-the-city-level-utopia-or-reality) |  | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Advances in ML: Theory meets practice](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/advances-in-ml-theory-meets-practice) |  | 
| 13:30-16:30 | January 27 | Intermediate | [Artificial Curiosity: Intrinsic Motivation in Machines too!](https://www.appliedmldays.org/workshops/artificial-curiosity-intrinsic-motivation-in-machines-too) |  - Come with a laptop<br/> - Know a bit of python (not mandatory) |
